About Company
In the future where the real world blends with the virtual world, we believe that non-fungible tokens will form the asset layer that represents identity, membership & ownership.
  
Our mission is to make NFTs more accessible and useful. From credit card checkout for NFTs to wallet infrastructure, we’ve helped creators, developers and brands make NFTs accessible for their audience so they can focus on providing value and utility for owners. We believe our products will accelerate progress towards a better, more decentralized world.
  
When there are less boundaries created by centralized platforms, there are less fees taken by middle parties and more interoperability for the assets you purchase and earn. This means more collaboration between ecosystems and more economic freedom for all the participants who create value.

Job Description
As our marketing lead, you’ll be responsible for defining and executing our marketing strategy across all disciplines to drive top of the funnel interest for our product and ultimately the number of developers who use Paper to power their payments & accounts infrastructure.
  
You’ll work across the entire user journey, from building systems that generate initial awareness about our products to driving organic referrals from happy customers. You’ll be working closely with the developer relations team to design and run growth experiments that test a variety of new organic and paid channels while scaling our existing ones.
  
What a typical week might look like
Designing and driving the overall marketing strategy across all disciplines that uses both paid and non-paid channels to hit developer targets
Developing and driving the go-to-market strategy for high-profile customer launches, new product features, and big moments for the company
Advocating for our existing and prospective users, and defining internal processes to ensure our communications are customer-centric
Amplifying the developer relation team’s content efforts via SEO and partnerships
  
You might be a good fit if you...
Have 5+ years of experience in marketing for a developer tool or SaaS company
Have scaled marketing functions at fast-growing start-ups or technology companies
Are data-driven and have experience with SEO and programmatic ads
Have proven ability to measure and test across different channels and disciplines
Are keen to learn about the technical details of backend infrastructure
  
Bonus Points
Contributed to web3 communities or DAOs
Experience with buying, selling and trading NFTs
Have content marketing experience
  
Company Benefits
Hybrid work: Mon / Tue / Thu / Fri from the office. No meetings on Wednesday for heads-down work at home or in the office.
We think it’s crucial for the early core team to collaborate in person and iterate quickly. We don’t currently have remote positions available.
Relocation package: We’ll cover your moving costs to San Francisco!
Health, dental, vision, and life insurance
Monthly fitness stipend
Commuter stipend
Work equipment stipend